cli: allow running wasm in limited vmemory with --disable-wasm-trap-handler (#52766)
nodejs/node: doc/api/cli.md

vm.measureMemory();
```

> ### `--disable-wasm-trap-handler`

Reviewer: I think it should be included in doc/node.1 too.

It's also missing:

*  the `added: REPLACEME` tag. 
*  Stability (optional)

By default, Node.js enables trap-handler-based WebAssembly bound
checks. As a result, V8 does not need to insert inline bound checks
int the code compiled from WebAssembly which may speedup WebAssembly
execution significantly, but this optimization requires allocating
a big virtual memory cage (currently 10GB). If the Node.js process
does not have access to a large enough virtual memory address space
due to system configurations or hardware limitations, users won't
be able to run any WebAssembly that involves allocation in this
virtual memory cage and will see an out-of-memory error.

```console
$ ulimit -v 5000000
$ node -p "new WebAssembly.Memory({ initial: 10, maximum: 100 });"
[eval]:1
new WebAssembly.Memory({ initial: 10, maximum: 100 });
^

RangeError: WebAssembly.Memory(): could not allocate memory
    at [eval]:1:1
    at runScriptInThisContext (node:internal/vm:209:10)
    at node:internal/process/execution:118:14
    at [eval]-wrapper:6:24
    at runScript (node:internal/process/execution:101:62)
    at evalScript (node:internal/process/execution:136:3)
    at node:internal/main/eval_string:49:3

```

`--disable-wasm-trap-handler` disables this optimization so that

> users can at least run WebAssembly (with a less optimial performance)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
users can at least run WebAssembly (with a less optimal performance)
```

Reviewer 3: > ```suggestion
> users can at least run WebAssembly (with less optimal performance)
> ```
